Our authentication service is now pretty well tested, so we're going to start to move on to the next
part of our application.
In this section, we're going to start to focus on building out the authentication portion, just the
authentication part of our React application.
Now, just as we did on our last app, if you do not want to build the React part of this thing, that
is not a problem whatsoever.
Maybe you are not familiar with React, maybe you just don't have any interest in the front end, whatever
it is.
If you don't want to build your React application, that is okay.
If you don't want to build the React app, go to the last section or last video in the section and download
the zip file inside there.
Now, as a part of that section or that video with that zip file, there will be some text instructions
for you to follow.
We're going to have to make a change or two to our Kubernetes deployment to make this React application
work as expected.
And so you have to read the instructions inside of that text lecture just to understand how to make
use of the zip file.
Okay.
So with all that in mind, if you want to skip the React stuff, pause the video.
Now continue on.
Otherwise stick around and we'll have a brief discussion of this React project.
The first thing I want to do is highlight the different screens that we're going to try to put together.
We're going to implement just the authentication part.
So I want to build out a React application that's going to have a landing page of sorts like this right
here.
When a user first comes to our app, we'll go in to show them some text that says You are not signed
in.
And the header should have a button that will take the user to a sign up or a sign in page.
If a user clicks on sign up, great.
We'll show a sign up form.
If they click on sign in, great, we'll show a sign in form.
And then either way, after a user authenticates with our application, we'll then redirect them back
to the landing page.
And when they go back to the landing page, we should now instead show something that says you are signed
in and we'll update the header up here as well.
So this is going to be a pretty simple, very straightforward application, just meant to deal with
authentication.
So now that we understand the scope of what we're building, let's have a quick discussion about some
of the technologies we're going to use for this.
Because, remember, we are trying to make use of server side rendering here, which is going to complicate
things just a little bit.
So a quick pause and we'll start working on this thing in just a moment.